Sun and Diet Coke it really doesn't get
any better than this but for tonight it
actually does because for the first time
Diet Coke is the official sponsor of the
NCAA d fashion show NCAA d has produced
some designers you may have heard of
before like Simone Russia and orla kiely
so this show really is the highlight of
the Irish fashion calendar as all the
young designers assembled to present
their new collections so now it's
getting a little bit hot out here and
I'm dying to see what's about to go down
the runway so let's head inside Siobhan
how exciting is this I'm absolutely
ecstatic to see your collection so I
can't imagine what it feels like for you
after so many months of hard work to
finally see us it's a very rewarding to
finally see ish on the catwalk and
everything goes off without a hitch you
don't have to be running backstage to
fix everything so Michael massive
congratulations on the first show that's
gone by already today can you tell me a
little bit about your collection yeah
Mayan collection was inspired by the
idea of preserving the past and
preserving my family heritage so that
got me on to using liquid silicone and
mixing both fabrics and to create my own
fabric and that's kind of where the
correction has come from them that
sounds so complicated how long did it
take over all the whole collection took
about from january to me so what's that
about five six months overall but then
there's about good sir the last two
months of literally just been sewing
sewing sewing making we are here with
Alex Milton head of design and ncad Alex
tell me what is your role would your lb
with the students in preparation for
something like this how do you help them
prepare well we have to try to ensure
that they take it very professionally
this is a major event in the fashion
calendar in Ireland and but it's also
fantastic spoonball for them for the
future so we take them through the work
with the stylus they work with the
production team to ensure that the show
had a really professional feel
and as I say gets them ready for for
making a really big impact on that
global scene
giant as a key fashion designer in
Ireland and somebody who has stayed with
us what advice would you have for the
students on a night like this I might
like this oh my god um this is the
beginning the beginning of a long road
with it and I suppose it's start of a
new chapter for all the students and
what they do after this i think really
determines what happens for them with
their careers really
you
ok i am backstage and have somehow
managed to nab one of the designer
susanna who had a dress in the show that
was my favorite piece out of everything
are you are you relieved or are you
upset that it's over sounds like that I
feel like oh I want to do another i'll
make sure i want it i want to
hand-stitch those beads in again it's a
weird feeling it's a mixture of like joy
and a bit like sadness is over and today
you obviously ha have a very strong
connection with the college so how do
you feel tonight show went at somebody
who's seen many of them I've seen so
many shows but this was a fabulous I'm
living back in it london at the moment
so I've just seen two of the major
colleges over in London their fashion
shows and I tell you this we beat us
thus yes I thought I liked it truly
truly truly mean it wow that was my
first ever NCAA d fashion show and from
what I've just seen on the wrong way the
future looks incredibly bright for young
Irish fashion if you guys want to check
out the NCAA d collections you can see
them at the link below so that's it from
me for now keep up with the diet coke
fashion diary on the diet coke facebook
page